1.What is javascript?
ANS: javascript is a programing language and client side scripting language using in wed.

2.What is the use of isNAN function?
ANS:The isNAN() function is used to check wether a given value is an illegal number or not.

3.What is negative infinity?
ANS:NAGATIVE_INFINITY is the same as the negative value of the global objects infinity property.

4.Which company developed javascript?
ANS:javascript was created bt Brendan Eich at Netspace and has since been update to conform to ECMA-262 edition 5 and later versions.

5.What are undeclared and undefined variable?
ANS:Undefined variable means a variable has been declared but it does not have a value.
undeclared variable means that the variable does not exist in the program at all.

6.Write the code for adding new elments dynamically?
ANS: dynamiclly add html element code answer
 <html>
<head>
<title>t1</title>
<script type=text/javascript">
function addnode()
{var newP=document.createTextNode("p";)}

7.What is the difference between viewState and SessionState?
ANS:ViewState is to manage state at the client end making state managment easy for end-user while  SessionState manage state at the server endmaking it easy to mange content from thid end too.

8.What is ==operator?
ANS:The equality opretor(==) checks whether its two operands are equalreturning a boolean result.

9.How can the style/class of an element be changed?
ANS:Another way to alter the style of an element is by changing its class atribute.

10.How to read and write a file using javascript?
ANS:file=fopen(getscriptpath(),0);the function fread() is used for reading the file content.
str=fread(file.flength(file)); the function fwrite() is used to write the content to the file.

11.What are all the looping stucture in javascript?
ANS: for- loop through a block of code a number of times
for/in-loop through the properties of an object.
for/of-loop through the value of an iterrable object.
while-loop through a block of code while a specific contidtion true.

12.How can you convert the string of any base to an integer in javascript?
ANS:In javascript parseint() function is used to convert the passed in string parameter or value to an integer value itself.

13.What is the function of the delete operator?
ANS:The delete opreator remove a given property from an object.

14. What are all the type of popup boxes availble in javascript?
ANS: Alert box, confrim box, prompt box

15.What is the use of void(0)?
Ans:javascript void 0 means returning undefined(void) as a primitive value.

16.How can a page be forced to load another page in javascript?
ANS:Approach:we can use window.location property inside the script tag.

17.What are the disadvantages of using innerHTML in javascript?
ANS:Disadvantages of innerHTML
event handler attached to any DOM element are preserved.
replacement is done everywhere.
breack the document.
used for cross-site scripting.

